Update documentation to new structure for slbeta2 release (#17)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-microsoft.onedrive: onedrive/Package.md

> Connects to Microsoft OneDrive from Ballerina

Reviewer: Have a full stop at the end.

Author: Added

## Package overview

The `ballerinax/microsoft.onedrive` package provides a [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) connector to easily connect to Microsoft OneDrive.

### Compatibility
|                                                                        | Version                   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------|
| Ballerina Language                                                     | Ballerina Swan Lake Beta2 |
| [Microsoft Graph API](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/overview) | v1.0                      |

## Report issues
To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc., go to the [Ballerina connector repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-microsoft.onedrive)
## Useful links

> - Discuss code changes of the Ballerina project in [ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com](mailto:ballerina-dev@googlegroups.com).

Reviewer: Replace "in" with "via".

Author: Fixed

> Connects to OneDrive from Ballerina

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Connects to Microsoft OneDrive from Ballerina
```

Author: Applied the suggested change

### Package Overview

> The `ballerinax/microsoft.onedrive` is a [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) connector for OneDrive.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion
```suggestion
The `ballerinax/microsoft.onedrive` module provides a [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/) connector for Microsoft OneDrive.
```

Author: Applied the suggested change

> This package provides the capability to easily access OneDrive.

Reviewer 2: If we go with the change suggested above, we can consider removing this sentence to avoid repetition.

Author: Applied the suggested change
